hitch up the horses and don't take all
day love that woman is beard yes the
spirit of life was in the town called
hard times
until one man came to destroy it the man
from Bodie
a man from Bodie as evil as the devil
himself on the threshold of hell
burned into the soul of a man called a
coward
his name was booth I beg you get us away
from here I can't
sure as winter brings summer will draw
that man back I suppose you'll protect
us I suppose you'll take care of us like
the last time the hurt fury of a woman
named Molly she taught a child to be a
killer I'm training me a mount to ride
that Batman's trial he's back
well the man the man who killed Jesse he
said fire I'm gonna do
it's a story you won't forget it welcome
to hard times